---
title: "How make Hotdog?"
permalink: "/Recipe/"
layout: page
---

This is the question I keep getting asked from my readers. Along with *"what's
the best way to make hotdog?"* The answer to this is, it depends. I have five
methods of cooking up hotdog, ranging from no work to a lot of work.

### Toaster
Bet you never thought of putting your hotdog in a toaster? And I'm talking
about a regular bread toaster, not those specially made hotdog toasters. I like
to stick a shish kabob stick through one side of the tip and the other tip goes
into the toaster. Let the toaster toast the hotdog for a minute or five and you
got yourself hotdog. You just have to remember to drop your hotdog in the
toaster.

### Tin Foil
You've heard the saying, *"don't be silly, wrap your willy"*. That saying comes
from wrapping your hotdog in tin foil and putting it on a skillet or pan. Not
only will the heat stay in the tin foil with the hotdog but it'll also make the
hotdog crispy. You just have to remember to give the hotdog a couple of turns
while on the skillet or pan, you don't want it to get smoked up.

### Steam
Just like broccoli, you can steam up your hotdogs in a pan with a little pit of
water. The hotdog will suck in all the moister from the water, making the
hotdog more juicy and alive. This will take a bit longer to do than the toaster
and tin foil but it's worth it. You just have to remember to put a lid on the
pan to keep the steam in and rotate the hotdog every once in a while.

### Grill
Pull out the charcoal bag and poor some charcoal into a grill, douse them with
lighter fluid, ignite it, let the fire to calm down, and add your suckers in.
Suckers as in hotdogs. Rotate them every once in a while to not burn them. You
just have to remember to combine this with a cold one with the boys.

### Fireplace
God makes man, man makes fire, fire cooks hotdog, hotdog kills God. That's how
Earth was made. In a pit, put small scraps of sticks and papers in the middle,
surround it with fire logs, and light the scraps up. Let the pit to heat up as
this might take a bit. Once the pit is rolling on fire, we're going to taking
the principal of the toaster method and stick the hotdog parallel through and
put it in the fire. Keep rotating the hotdog around in a clockwise motion. You
just have to remember to not confuse your hotdog for smores.

Once complete cooking up your hotdog in the matter that you did, lather your
bun with mayo, mustard, and hot sauce and slide your hotdog between your bun.
You can also toast your bun while cooking up your hotdog to allow the bun to
have a better hold to your hotdog.
