---
title:  "Sick to my Stomach"
layout: post
categories: media
---

*Oh my goodness.* That's how I would describe that night I went to eat a hotdog
at Bavarian Bierhaus. That statement can have two meanings, on one side it can
mean "wowie, that hotdog sure is a belly filler" and on the other side it can
mean "oof goof, that hotdog knows how to turn my belly upside down". But I
can't just tell you what side that statement means, to do that I would need to
start at the beginning.


## 0730
Nose filled with snot, breathing from my mouth, head throbbing like a teenages
boys -----, and wanting nothing more than to continue to sleep because I'm
sick. The weather is reaching 100°F and I'm stuck at home with a summer cold.

## 0800
Turn on my laptop and I remember that the internet is not working. This is
probably due to the fact that I spent two days this week listening to
[a cowboy screaming in the sky for 10 hours on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0hr8X2a2cc)
non-stop. But I disgress. The important thing to take note here is that I can't
work efficiently today.

## 1200
My phone is on fire! Not literally, just figuratively. I've been in work
meetings since 0930 and I've had to join these meetings through my phone.
During my last meeting, my phone was telling me "charge me or I will die". The
thing is, I was charging my phone while in the meeting, having my camera on and
being in a meeting was draining my phone at the speed of draining battery.

## 1500
Went for a walk, end up all sweaty, and arrived back home just in time for a
meeting. Sitting down for a meeting, exhausted from walking and being all
sweaty is not a good combination, especially when I have the camera on and my
coworkers can see that I have sweat coming down my face and through my shirt. I
probably wouldn't be this sweaty if I wasn't wearing long sleeves socks, with
blue jeans, and a long sleeve shirt in Wisconsin 100°F humid weather.

## 1900
My friend has a wedding coming up where I am one of the groomsman and I need to
get fitted for a tux. That in itself sucks, I'm not a huge fan of dressing up
but that wasn't the worst part. The guy tailoring seemed like he wasn't having
it that day and he was breathing close to my face. I could smell his breath
which reeked of garlic and oranges. What does garlic and orange breath smell
like? I don't know but that's what I smelled. It did clear up my sinus though,
that's a plus.

## 1930
I arrived at Bavarian Bierhaus after a long day and all I wanted was to relax
and eat some food. It turns out though I was met with a table that had the sun
blaring it's sun beams directly in my eyes.  Worst of all, I couldn't sit back
with my eyes closed and listen to the music because it was German Poke (remix)
music. You know how great of a song
[Bella Ciao](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvPHhu82akM) is? Well now imagine
all the good parts of that song being ruined and squashed by Poke music. I was
utterly unamused.

## 1945
Originally, I was only going to get mashed-potatoes and french fries. _But_ I
saw that they had a hotdog and I had a tingle to nibble on a hotdog. So that's
what I did, I order mashed-potatoes and fries with a side of hotdog. Who
would've thought that the side was going to be the star of the meal. _Not me_.

My whole day was a disappointment, started with being sick to my stomach with a
summer cold and ended up with being sick to my stomach of being full of carbs;
fries, potatoes, and hotdog. I couldn't anymore. Have you been sick with a
summer cold and being full? Breathing sucks. Not only do I have to be a mouth
breather but I have to be a stomach breather, *oh my goodness.*

![bavarian_bierhaus](/images/bavarian_bierhaus_hotdog.jpg)

If there was a quote to put this hotdog review together, I would believe it would be
> The gift receipt. You'd be fine if I ate it?
